PROJECT ON PARENT PORTAL PLATFORM

INTRODUCTION

This project helps parents keep up with the information about their ward. It aims to facilitate the communication between the school management and the parent. All the tasks that can be completed without visiting the school office can be completed with the application.
OBJECTIVES OF THE PROJECT
The objective of this project is to let the students apply the programming knowledge into a real- world situation/problem and exposed the students how programming skills helps in developing a good software.
1.	Write programs utilizing modern software tools.
2.	Apply object oriented programming (OOP) principles effectively when developing small to medium sized projects.
3.	Write effective procedural code to solve small to medium sized problems.
4.	Students will demonstrate a breadth of knowledge in computer science, as exemplified in the areas of systems, theory and software development.
5.	Students will demonstrate ability to conduct a research or applied Computer Science project, requiring writing and presentation skills which exemplify scholarly style in computer science.
Project Modules:
●	Login: The parent will need to login first before performing any operation for authentication purposes.
●	Class diary: This module would contain all the information that would normally be in the student’s class diary, to keep track of the student’s tasks by the parent.
●	Assignments: A sub-section of the class diary to keep track of the assignments given to the student, with the deadlines.
●	Announcements: This module would show various announcements - scholastic and co-scholastic.
●	Attendance: This module contains the attendance details of the student.
●	Timetable: This module would display the timetable with on time updates.
●	Fee details: This module shows the details of the school fees, along with a clear break-up of the various parts.
●	Fee receipt: A sub-section of the fee details, to generate the fee receipt after the fee is paid, in printable format.
●	Event calendar: A small module showing all the events and holidays of the school calendar.
●	Feedback: A module allowing parents to provide feedback about the parent portal platform.
